I wish a nice good day mr
play minecraft but again my wish
tutorial and nothing
So I was a bit cold
Please do not agree with me right now
let's go today when is it coming ?
the room and currently comes with
automatic light created so
Ambitious space is leaving again
not then it will not be extinguished
So practically son and I'll say that
eat first try very briefly
I will not go out I go
actually quite good
we now have a house for the tomb
raider
let's say so
I just wanted to go green like that
it would be our house
and that is relatively dark we want
now like here
Doctors and tips to bring the too
Lights start reporting space
Enter that means we would do it
theoretically go several ways
I do that with the object of 1.3
point 2 with the trip or the
tripwire, so to speak, that's me
pass here a mechanism and
see through a string
you can hear here now would be a
signal routed so that you can also
hide a bit if you want
one can so him like no idea
Let's come up with it, ok
here is the part
but signals come out and still quite
to show briefly
Yes exactly
we already know is seen
works fine so ok the naked
problem is if we now the whole
just connect to the lamp
the following happens so goes in
then, but then it just works out
just as long as we are in here
when taking what in turn means so
do not need it even when we return
go out that is very bitter
we need a flip flop for that
it knows much better ways
blablabla i do not care i build mine
possibility is a bit bigger though
I know how it works
the other half knows neither
More whole again works so well
what is that that is, if I have one
turn it on
the signal is only for a day like
Let 's take advantage of that
if a runway has an entry signal
So pull in Bitzen up to 2,616,301
when you signal the slopes to a text
then it turns out so old
that in the block can post on
cd and next time with so
the deep fleet now works the
slopes seem to block the torch
that means this sports
we have a signal
neither is it pulled away signal that
means we have our permanent signal
so if I had to do it now theoretically
function
we do not care how long we have
not me go out
that should not fly right now
so not out and out
he is a bit weird again because
I somehow you just have to over
really running in and out
It just works like that
I'll take a look at you next time
couple go shop because I'm one
to work up a bit
I have already and oh yes this
tutorial the sharkbar often less
Felix's videos are tutorials
and partly I find that things in the
totally great change the a bit off
and sexy then myself or myself
Show yourself that way again because I think
yes that must just know and that we
for example, stones the comments
something like a few years expanded
you build that exactly the tutorial
made because someone asked
I do not care if that happens or not
there is
that you are when you are not
then I show again kienreich
try to show so the next goal
will probably be
I have laughed me such a so broken
The principle is simple from the Mr. yoo
preliminary video maybe or something
little lexmark show